new videos every day
all right guys
palm heel strikes exactly abiding
mechanics and straight punches except
the point of contact is gonna be the
heel my palm
hence the top two knuckles or the meaty
portion part of my fist for a hammer
fist my hand is coming straight towards
the bag I keep my elbow pointing down to
the ground as long as possible till the
very last second I'm rotating my hand in
about 45 degrees making contact with the
heel my palm hence the name palm heel
strike once again I'm coming straight
out in a straight line coming back in a
straight line breathing out as I strike
rotating my shoulders and my hips palm
heel strikes hey guys it's Wayne Miller
with fit and fearless Krav Maga I'm here
with Vanessa and Caleb talking about the
key points again to the palm heel
strikes go ahead like I said earlier
she's rotating with her shoulders and
her hips she's putting her weight behind
each strike she's keeping that elbow
down at the very last second so her shot
isn't telegraphed and she's always
hitting to heal with a palm coming out a
straight line coming back in a straight
line
breathing out good there's some flurries
nice nice good fighting stance back heel
is always off the ground feet are
slightly wider than the hips she's on
her imaginary train track she's not
bleeding out which is great and time
pommie low strikes guys moving on to a
drill using palm heel strikes we're
doing a monkey in the middle drill one
of our favorite drills here in Krav Maga
I want to hold for non-stop palm heel
strikes Vanessa's gonna do non-stop
strikes as fast as hard as possible
after a couple seconds Caleb's gonna
bump her from any angle she's gonna turn
into the fight leading with weapons
going right into non-stop palm heel
strikes constantly going after a couple
more seconds you get to pump again from
another angle and she goes into hitting
the bag as hard in this fast possible
time alright looks something like this
ready in three two one
nope
get in the bag in the bag in the van and
time great job
here's a fun little recognition drill
that we like to do Caleb's gonna be
calling out two four six that's how many
strikes Vanessa's gonna throw to the pad
either two strikes four strikes or six
strikes completely random this rule is
great because that teaches her to focus
on more than one thing during a during a
fight or confrontation I'm gonna be the
hi Caleb and that random I'm gonna hold
out either my left hand or my right hand
and she's gonna say left or right it's
gonna be my left or my right in addition
to her throwing out strikes of the pad
so Caleb is constantly working her and
I'm constantly making her be aware of
different different situations and make
her aware of her surroundings so looks
like this let's go real time and time
excellent job coming back to this
reaction drill until of our favorite
drills so we're gonna look at it from a
different perspective
once again I'm giving her different cues
so it teaches her to when her
Adrenaline's pumping and she does then
she's aware of her surroundings because
my adrenaline is pumping and you're
getting attack you're alive you're gonna
get that tunnel vision it's gonna be
very easy to get blindsided to get maybe
hit with my haymaker from a different
person a different attacker
so this teaches you to be aware of your
surroundings and not just focus on one
thing during a confrontation so once
again looks like this let's go live
and time great job thanks again guys for
watching our technique on palm heel
strikes once again thank you to Vanessa
and Caleb make sure you subscribe the
channel give us a thumbs up be sure and
check out our website WWE and fearless
comm and check out more videos as well
as look at class schedules and see what
we're all about
thanks